Secretary Li is worried
You misunderstood
We are just an ordinary revolutionary friendship
Not to mention
Dr. Rong and I have already sent a letter of introduction to the team
The marriage registration is tomorrow
What? Are you really getting married?
Well, in that case
Feng Zhaonan treats you well
Do not bully and oppress women
Study the thinking of leadership well
The brigade will check your mental transformation at any time
It's the young deputy secretary
The point of the painting should be
Treat your knowledge well
Otherwise, it's thought transformation
No hair loss
Does this little head still have charm and means?
Bai Yi came from the commune in the afternoon
It should be here to send you living expenses.
He is waiting for you in the production team office
termite
I'll help Rong Zhaonan treat the wound and go
I'm a little hurt
Just handle it yourself
You help you first
Huang Xuehong is too heavy, I don't worry.
Don't worry, I'm the barefoot doctor in the village
It's alright, yeah?
Bai Yi is your elder after all
Let go
I'll go by myself.
circle
Been busy all afternoon
Change into clean clothes and go over
OK
It's waiting for you outside.
Freshman year next year
It seems that this is a small
Business game opportunity